Ubuntu setup
1. Install mono from the software center
1. Install Monodevelop from the software center
2. Install monodevelop-debugger-gdb using synaptics
2. Install GNU G++ compiler
3. Install Eclipse from software center
4. Install git
5. Ran into a problem trying to install cola-git.
   Depends on python-qt4
      depends on libqt4-designer
      depends on libqt4-help
	  depends on libqt4-scripttools
      depends on libqt4-test
	  
	  I used synaptics to install the libqt4 stuff and then
	  python-qt4. It forced me to downgrade and remove some stuff
6. Install cola-git
7. installed freeglut3, freeglut3-dbg, and freeglut3-dev (Dev is needed to get the include files and such for opengl)
8. installed mesa-utils (for glxinfo)
9. installed glmark2 and glmark2-data for opengl benchmark testing

10. I installed File backup manager and then lucky backup. File backup manager was not what I wanted, but lucky was.
So in the future I suggest only installing that.

11. Install libsdl, libsdl-dev, and libsdl-dbg using synapics (required to get vortex to compile)
12. Setup vortex 6 in the thirdparty folder
13. install cmake using synaptics
14. dependecy walker for ubuntu. ldd /path/to/your_executable
  
15. Test that open gl is working on system
glxinfo
glxgears

    sudo amdcccle  --supposed to be able to run this to config amd graphics properties. Did not attempt yet.

16. Took a snapshot labeled "before_Ldconfig_bin" 
17. Pulled the latest code and got it compiling.
18. got the vortex_5_1 code to compile, but it would not run because it was unable to find the necessary dlls. 
19. I created a new Animat.config file that had the following in it
/home/dcofer/Projects/AnimatLabPublicSource/bin
I used gksudo gedit to open editor in admin mode and saved it into the /etc/ld.so.conf.d folder and ran the sudo ldconfig
This adds all the dll's in the bin folder to the path of so files that it will load

20. Got the vortex code to run and it showed the screen and stuff, but did not work correctly becuase I had  no license on this box.
19. I ran into an issue where dlopen is locking up when trying to load OsgAnimatSim or VortexAnimatSim, but it can load the other libs.
I have not found a way to determine why it is locking up. I am going to try and get the vortex_unit_test running since it links statically
to those libs
20. Tried to do a bunch of computer updates and the system would not reboot correctly. I had to go back to my before_ldconfig_Bin backup and work
my way back to here.

	  
